Shift board for dynamic shift scheduling
Keka being a shift management expert gives your HR professionals a shift board. Loved by millions around the globe, Keka shift management software makes the scheduling effortless.

Shift board
Attendance Policies
Automatic shift rotation for 24*7 coverage
Keka employee shift management is a powerful tool to manage multiple shift patterns in your company. Whether you have rotational or fixed shifts, Keka manages it all. The dynamic system manages round the clock 24*7 shifts which can be assigned to employees. You can even rotate employees in multiple shifts such as weekly, monthly, etc.

Attendance Policies
Biometric attendance
Shift scheduling integrated with bio-metric devices and mobile GPS
The best employee scheduling software of 2020 which is perfectly aware of the HR challenges. Keka employee shift scheduling is integrated with bio-metric and mobile GPS and gives you the fastest real-time update. Shift automation, GPS tracking, leave and attendance management, integrated payroll system, and many more… Keka has everything you need for your HR.

Biometric Attendance
Time tracking API
Encourage employees with shift allowances for working at odd hours
Keka has a sensible approach towards employees and understands that money is the biggest motivation. You can give your employees a profitable solution by paying shift allowances based on hourly pay rate or your companies policy. Keka gives you a flexible and easy approach to manage the process.

Tracking API
Khushru Doctor
The time saved in streamlining our HR processes allowed me the luxury of using my time in different places for making better decisions.
Khushru Doctor
CEO | Taasha
quotes svg
Leave approvals
Shift swapping among employees
Keka has a perfect resource planning solution for your company. You can provide your employees' facility to exchange or swap their shifts just by turning on the swap feature/option.

Leave Approvals
Leave Policies
Let employees pick their shift and time-offs that works best for them
When you give your employees liberty to pick their own shifts, they feel trusted and give productive results in their job KRA. Your employees can choose their own shift at the start of a week/month and send requests from their portal as per their convenience. The managers can approve the request in a single click.

Leave Policies